README.md, before:

# Voting Excuse Generator

What is your excuse not to vote? We've got answers and information for everything you can
think of!

## Technical

The Voting Excuse Generator is built using static site generation with a `jinja2` template
in `python`. It requires a CSV file to reference data and images in order to build out all of
the site pages.

The initial rev of the site was built using anchor tags and dynamic loading, but
unfortunately Facebook and Twitter don't play nicely with anchors. Not wanting to abuse
query strings led us to the current multi-page solution.

See the example CSV file, `content.csv` to understand the expected format. It's a vanilla
csv download from Google Sheets. `generate_site.py` is used to generate the pages, using
the template at `templates/base.html`.

## Build process

1. Download CSV into `content.csv`.
2. Run `generate_site.py`
3. Push the `www` directory online 

# Credits:

* Audrey Maker: vision, product owner & memes
* Anonymous Designer: user experience & design
* Scott Boone: code & project management
* Mercedes Vaughn: writer & copy editor
* Delia Davila: copy editor & morale

Commit message:

call out to History API

README.md, after:

# Voting Excuse Generator

What is your excuse not to vote? We've got answers and information for everything you can
think of!

## Technical

The Voting Excuse Generator is built using static site generation with a `jinja2` template
in `python`. It requires a CSV file to reference data and images in order to build out all of
the site pages.

The initial rev of the site was built using anchor tags and dynamic loading, but
unfortunately Facebook and Twitter don't play nicely with anchors. Not wanting to abuse
query strings led us to the current multi-page solution. However, further research shows
that the HTML5 History API may be a more appropriate solution so stay tuned.

See the example CSV file, `content.csv` to understand the expected format. It's a vanilla
csv download from Google Sheets. `generate_site.py` is used to generate the pages, using
the template at `templates/base.html`.

## Build process

1. Download CSV into `content.csv`.
2. Run `generate_site.py`
3. Push the `www` directory online 

# Credits:

* Audrey Maker: vision, product owner & memes
* Anonymous Designer: user experience & design
* Scott Boone: code & project management
* Mercedes Vaughn: writer & copy editor
* Delia Davila: copy editor & morale
